Add `authuser` param to GKE cluster link formatter in k8s plugin (#21848)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/new-plants-sort.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-react': patch
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes': patch
---

Add `authuser` search parameter to GKE cluster link formatter in k8s plugin

> Thanks to this, people with multiple simultaneously logged-in accounts to be automatically picked.

Reviewer: Checking my understanding here:
Suppose you're signed in with the Google auth provider in Backstage. This PR ensures that, when you click the dashboard link to a Kubernetes object in a GKE cluster, you will be viewing that dashboard with the same identity as the one currently logged in to Backstage? When you say "multiple simultaneously logged-in accounts", does that mean multiple accounts on the Google Cloud side where the dashboards are?

Author: Yes, it means Google side.
GCP console has annoying behaviour of redirecting to different places when you try to access resources you do not own.
And in my example, I have a different google account for email, and different specific one for google cloud.

Author: I have amended the changeset. Hopefully it's more clear now.

> Thanks to this, people with multiple simultaneously logged-in accounts in GCP console to be automatically picked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to this, people with multiple simultaneously logged-in accounts in their GCP console will automatically view objects with the same email as the one signed in to the Google auth provider in Backstage.
```
